August 3, 2011

The first email that I sent to you (June 6th) contained a pretty specific
guideline saying that I wanted to have two planning meetings with you. The first
and last meeting we had, was the middle of June (approx June 15th). As far as I
am concerned this meeting is our second planning meeting.

If this project is to go forward, the lines of communication that we have need
to be figured out. If I need to sit down and talk to you guys about the site,
who do I talk to? How do I set up a meeting? Who is in charge? The very brief
discussions that I have had with Yvonne, have been confusing and uninformative.
After our last meeting, I attempted multiple times to set up this second
planning meeting. I was given the impression that the whole project may not be
going ahead, and so I all but stopped working on it. I kept mentioning it, and
hoping to have a second meeting set up, but I kept receiving the same impression
that it was all on hold.

It was not until a week and a half ago, that I finally started believing that
this might actually go forward. However, I have not put any more effort into the
project because there is little I could possibly do until I have this second
meeting. I have a plan laid out, and mock-ups done. I have server space set up,
and a basic site layout completed. This is all that has been done.

Let me ask you this: if you were planning to build a house, and sat down with an
engineer to design it, then had no contact with that designer for almost two
months, would you expect him to have poured a foundation and started framing
your house? You can't expect me to have a website completed, when we still
haven't sat down and decided on even the basics of the site: a name, what
features are needed, how I am going to be paid, how the server and payment
gateways are going to be paid.

What I ask from you is some proper communication. The way that I see it, this
website is the cornerstone of your business. If you are unable to take an
interest in how this website is constructed, how can you possibly see this
business succeeding? This will not succeed if I can not at least get a firm 'go
ahead' from you. This will not succeed if you avoid meeting with me to talk
about this project.
